Add Serverless NFT tutorial (#33)
kauri-io/Content: ERC721/serverless-NFT/1-07.md

    {
        metadata = _metadata;
    }

    function updateMetadata(Metadata _metadata) public onlyOwner {
        metadata = _metadata;
    }

    function tokenURI(uint _tokenId) external view returns (string memory _infoUrl) {
        return metadata.tokenURI(_tokenId);
    }

}
```

Duplicate the file  _2_deploy_contracts.js_ and call it  _3_update_metadata.js_:

```bash
cp ./migrations/2_deploy_contracts.js  ./migrations/3_update_metadata.js
```

Change the metadata `deploy` in _3_update_metadata.js_ so that it contains an object that specified this contract will be replaced:

```javascript
await deployer.deploy(Metadata, {replace: true})
```

Then remove the deployment of the token, and make the already deployed token findable:

```javascript
// Deployed Token.sol
// await deployer.deploy(Token, 'Token Name', 'Token Symbol', metadata.address)
let token = await Token.deployed()
console.log(_ + 'Token deployed at: ' + token.address)
```

Then update the token with the new metadata address

```javascript
await token.updateMetadata(metadata.address)
console.log(_ + 'Token metadata updated to ' + metadata.address)
```

<!-- TODO: What does nonces get weird mean? -->

> Run the migration to make sure it worked. If the nonces get weird try deleting the _build_ directory.

Reviewer: @okwme Is there a better way to describe what

>  If the nonces get weird

means?

Author: ```suggestion
Run the migration to make sure it worked. If you're getting an error about the nonces being incorrect this might have to do with an out of sync truffle build. Try deleting the _build_ directory and running it again.
```
